 I want to port the game I made, Super Dungeon Slaughter, from python to an Elixir phoenix/liveview app.

 The original code for it is in ~/Prjects/games/SuperDungeonSlaughter.

 Currently it is a CLI app.

 I have included some rough draft design docs [basic_layout.png, basic_layour w markup.png] in this folder of what I am thinking of for the layout
 of the web ui.  I am open for modifications, updates, or changes to it. We will use the standard tailwindcss that
 comes with phoenix.  THe colorscheme should look retro video game, not necessarily what is in the design documents.

 Since we have a full ui instead of just a single output, we can spread the information out and
 make more of it available at one time.

 I would like the central pane to scroll the game history state, similar to how the python CLI currently works.
 I would like a UI element showing the details of the hero.
 I would like another UI element showing the details of the monster currently being fought.

 Since all this data is available to be constantly displayed, we don't need most of the commands availble
 in the CLI.


 The only interaction buttons would then be the 'Rest' action and the 'Fight' action buttons.


 The hero and monster's Health Point (HP) values should dynamicaly stay current based on the game state (hence why we are using Live View).
 They should be color coded (red, yellow, green) based upon the porportion of health remaining as is currently
 defined in the python app.

 Over all, this should be a fairly simple app.

 I want to leave space for further development, such as potentially adding in:
 - armor
 - weapons
 - potions
 - spells
 Which would require an inventory, item selection, etc, but those things are currently out of scope of this project.
 I just want ot make a note so that in our design we don't exclude being able to add them later.


 Make sure you follow current software engineering best practices, SOLID, DRY, etc.  The elixir
 code should be clean and easily maintainable.

 Please inspect the current python project, ask any clarifying questions that you may need,
 and then create a detailed implementation plan [markdown file] for the elixir/phoenix/live view app.

the new application should live in this folder.


